{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\b\f0\fs14 1. LICENSE GRANT.\b0   Subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement, you may use the enclosed computer product (\ldblquote Software\rdblquote ) and all associated software documentation furnished with this package solely for your internal business purposes in the country in which the Software Product was furnished to you.  You may make a reasonable number of copies of the Software for backup purposes, provided that you reproduce all copyright and other proprietary notices that are on the original copy of the Software.  The Software Product is licensed, not sold, to you for use only upon the terms of this Agreement, and PIPELINEFX and/or its suppliers reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.  You own the media on which the Software is recorded, but PIPELINEFX and/or its suppliers retain ownership of the software itself.\par
\par
\pard\b 2. RESTRICTED USE.\b0   You may not use, copy, or modify the Software Product, or any copy thereof, in whole or in part, except as expressly provided in the Agreement.  You may not copy the documentation accompanying the Software without PIPELINEFX'S express written consent.  You may not rent, resell for profit, sublicense, lease or otherwise transfer the Software Product.  You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software Product.  Licensee agrees that the Software Product, and Documentation, shall be considered Confidential and Proprietary Information and shall not disclose to any third-party without the express written permission of PIPELINEFX.  \fs18\par
\pard\qj\fs14\par
\b 3. MAINTENANCE.\b0   You may acquire maintenance, training and installation, and consulting services (\ldblquote Services\rdblquote ) from PIPELINEFX under this Agreement and the applicable PIPELINEFX policy in effect at the time the services are ordered. \par
\par
\b 4. LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER.\b0   PIPELINEFX warrants to you (the original Licensee) for ninety (90) days (\ldblquote the Warranty Period\rdblquote ), from the date of delivery to you of the Software Product, as evidenced by a copy of your license purchase receipt, that the Software Product shall be in operable condition as described in the documentation provided with the Software, and that the media upon which the Software Product is furnished to you will be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use.  PIPELINEFX does not warrant that the Software Product will function without error or interruptions.  In the event that the Software Product fails to conform to such warranty, PIPELINEFX'S sole and exclusive liability hereunder to you shall be the repair or replacement of the non-conforming Software Product or a refund of the Software Product\rquote s purchase price only when you return the Software Product to PIPELINEFX'S authorized dealer with the receipt within the warranty period.  FOR WARRANTY ASSISTANCE, YOU MAY RETURN THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT TO PIPELINEFX.\par
\par
\b EXCEPT AS WARRANTED ABOVE, THIS SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED ON AN \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote  BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRIGEMENT.\par
\b0\par
\b 5. SERVICE WARRANTY.\b0   PIPELINEFX warrants that its services will be of a professional quality conforming to generally accepted industry standards for a period of thirty (30) days from completion of the services.  For services not performed as warranted in the preceding sentence PIPELINEFX will, at its discretion, either perform the services again or refund the relevant fees paid for such deficient services.  This is your exclusive remedy and PIPELINEFX'S sole liability arising in connection with this service warranty.\par
\par
\b 6. NO OTHER WARRANTIES.\b0   The agents, employees, distributors, and dealers of PIPELINEFX are not authorized to make modifications to these warranties nor are additional warranties binding on PIPELINEFX.  Accordingly, additional statements such as dealer advertising or presentations, whether oral or written, do not constitute warranties by PIPELINEFX and should not be relied upon as warranties of PIPELINEFX.  \b THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 4 AND 5 ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND PIPELINEFX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT.\b0\par
\par
\b SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  IN THAT EVENT, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE.  THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS.  YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.\par
\par
7. TERMINATION.  \b0 Upon termination you shall promptly destroy the Software Product and all copies or portions thereof, and within ten (10) days certify in writing to PIPELINEFX that all copies have been destroyed. \par
\par
\b 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL PIPELINEFX, ITS RESELLERS, OEM\rquote S, DISTRIBUTORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PERSON FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, DATA LOSS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES OR LOSS INCLUDING COVER AND RELIANCE, EVEN IF PIPELINEFX, ITS RESELLERS, SUPPLIERS OR ITS AGENT HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES UNLESS DUE TO GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF PIPLELINEFX.  PIPELINEFX'S TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE (EXCEPT FOR PERSONAL PROPERTY DAMAGE AND PERSONAL INJURY) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.\par
PIPELINEFX, ITS RESELLERS, OEM\rquote S, DISTRIBUTORS OR SUPPLIERS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR SOFTWARE PRODUCT ALTERED, MODIFIED, OR CONVERTED BY PARTIES OTHER THAN PIPELINEFX, OR FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE, OR MISAPPLICATION, OR FOR PROBLEMS DUE TO THE MALFUNCTION OF EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE NOT SUPPLIED BY PIPELINEFX.\par
\par
THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY, NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.  THE ALLOCATION OF RISKS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND DAMAGES ARE DELIBERATE AND THE CONSIDERATION WAS DETERMINED ACCORDINGLY.\b0\par
\par
\b 9. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.\b0   This Software Product is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U. S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in the Agreement and as provided in FAR 52.227-19, FAR 12.212(a), FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), DFAR 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (Oct. 1998), or DFARS 227.7202-1(A) and 227.7202-3(a)(1995), as applicable.  PIPELINEFX, LLC, 1000 Bishop Street, Suite 606, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813.\par
\par
\b 10.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAW.\b0   Each party agrees to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with its activities under this Agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that the Software Product, including documentation and other technical data, is subject to export controls imposed by the U.S. Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended (the \ldblquote Act\rdblquote ), and the regulations promulgated thereunder.  You will not export or reexport (directly or indirectly) the Software Product or other technical data therefore without complying with the Act and the regulations thereunder. \par
\par
\b 11. GENERAL\b0 .  You agree to pay any tax assessed as a result of licensing this product to you, other than Pipelinefx's net income tax.  This agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of \cf1 Hawaii\cf0  without regard to or application of conflicts of law rules or principles. The prevailing party after a final judgment in any litigation arising out of this Agreement will be entitled to recover, in addition to any other relief awarded or granted, its reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable outside attorney\rquote s fees incurred in the proceedings.  This Agreement may not be assigned without both parties\rquote  prior written consent (except to affiliates) and any attempt to do so without such consent is void.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, it will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remaining provisions will remain in full force.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us which supersedes any proposal or prior or contemporaneous agreement, oral or written, and any other communications between us in relation to the subject matter of this Agreement.\par
\par
\b YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT\rquote S TERMS AND CONDITIONS.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS PROTECTED BY UNITED STATES COPYRIGHT LAW AND INTERNATIONAL TREATY.  UNAUTHORIZED REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION IS SUBJECT TO CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES.\par
\pard\qr\b0\par
\par
\par
}
 